AST-1897 - Build: Release PR for v3.8.2 release (#4392)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.8.2
- Fix: Improvements as per WordPress coding standards.
- Fix: Compatibility with WordPress 6.0 - Image block not aligned center when Legacy option set from the Block Editor.
- Fix: Header - Account - Login popup not opening on mobile/tablet.

> - Fix: The theme’s responsive styles not loading with the responsive preview option in the block editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: The theme's responsive styles not loading with the responsive preview option in the block editor.
```

Author: Changes DONE
